♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
There you go.
You do realize,
we've past half a dozen
coffee places to get here?
And some of them
you can actually sit inside
where it's warm.
This is the best coffee
in town.
Sure.
What's a little frost bite
for the sake of good coffee?
I just love this time of year.
Everyone getting ready
for the Christmas Festival.
Setting up decorations.
You may have mentioned that
once or twice over the years
since we were kids?
Didn't want you to forget.
Hey,
shouldn't they be setting up for
that ice sculpture competition?
There's still a couple weeks
before the festivals starts.
That's not a lot of time.
I mean, they still have to
register the contestants,
approve their designs.
And you wouldn't believe all the
ice that has to get trucked in.
I see law school
hasn't put a damper on your
passion for ice sculpting.
I've missed working with my Dad.
We haven't got to sculpt
together in three years.
(phone chiming)
Oh.
Yep. I got to go.
Let's do dinner tonight.
I can't tonight.
I promised the folks.
But I'll text you
and we'll set up a day.
Say hi to your mom for me.
I will.
Carol:
Uh-huh.
Well, I will speak to the Judge
and see if we can
move your hearing.
But we only have a couple weeks
'til Christmas,
I'm afraid it might already
be too late.
Sorry. I met Sarah for coffee.
Ms. Kincaid, can you just
hold for just a moment please?
Who handles Judge Pettis'
schedule over at the courthouse?
Ms. Kincaid needs to
push her hearing back and I...
June Whalen.
June.
Let me talk to her.
Oh, okay.
Ms. Kincaid?
Hi, it's Emma.
Let me see what I can do
and I'll get right back to you.
Thanks. Merry Christmas. Bye.
Give me 10 minutes.
Take a look at these,
I red-lined the changes
for your approval,
I can have a final draft ready
for signatures in the morning.
Great. And Ms. Kincaid?
The Judge had an opening
two weeks after the holidays.
We're all set.
Thank you, Emma.
We make a great team.
Yes, we do.
And it's going to
get even better
once we get the results
of your bar exam.
Assuming I pass.
Half the people fail
the first time they take it.
Those people are not
Emma Parkers.
And with that resounding
vote of confidence,
I'll get back to work.
Oh, dinner tonight at seven.
Is that okay?
I'll be there.
Oh, hey... what's going on with
the Ice Sculpting Competition?
I don't know. What do you mean?
I was at the park with Sarah,
they haven't started
setting up yet.
They put Harvey Norris in charge
of the Festival this year.
And it is his first term
on Town Council.
So, he's probably just in
a little over his head.
You're probably right.
There's a lot to do
with the the Festival.
(sighing)
Can I help you?
Oh, hey. Hi.
No, I'm just, you know,
browsing.
Uh, what do you think?
It's beautiful.
Yeah?
Good choice.
Well, thank you.
See anything you like?
Actually, I do.
This is... beautiful.
Who did this?
Uh, my brother.
You should put it out front,
it'll really help
draw in a crowd.
Yeah, you know, he's not really
into showing them off.
Oh. Well, I've been ice
sculpting since I was little
and this is really good.
I'll tell him you said so.
There used to be a Claiborne
Tree Farms outside of town.
Mmm-hmm.
This nice couple ran it and they
always gave me this candy cane
every time we did
our Christmas tree.
Those were my folks.
No kidding.
Yeah, one and the same.
They, uh, they retired last year
and I took over the business.
I'm Nick Claiborne.
Hi. Emma Parkers.
It's nice to meet you.
And the candy cane thing,
that was my idea.
Clearly you had a head for
business even at a young age.
I just really like candy canes.
(laughing)
Listen, about before...
I don't know, there's just
something about these trees
that Christmas smell,
I can't resist.
That's not the first time
I've heard that.
(laughing)
Browse to your heart's content.
Thanks.
I got to go.
You got to go.
See you around.
Yeah.
Oh.
Hey.
Merry Christmas.
(sighing)
I can't believe they cancelled
the ice sculpting competition.
They don't call it Christmas
Festival of Ice for nothing.
I mean, people in Westford
have been sculpting ice here
since practically forever.
I mean, it's the reason
the whole festival got started
in the first place.
You've been gone.
Okay, but I come home
every year for Christmas
and there's always
ice sculptures in the park.
Well, the last few years
the festival hasn't drawn
as well as it used to.
Yeah, and I don't know why
people don't want to come
all this way to sit in the cold
and watch your father chip away
at big chunks of ice.
Hey.
I love it.
Okay, but those ice sculptures
are works of art.
Oh, unfortunately they are
becoming a lost art.
I just... I can't believe it.
Oh, did you tell Emma
your big news?
The, um, county has
officially chosen my design
for the new library branch.
Dad! That's great!
Isn't that wonderful?
So once you get the results
of your bar exam
we will all have something
special to celebrate
this Christmas.
To the Parkers.
To a new design,
to a new lawyer,
and I get a new partner.
Hear, hear.
(glasses clinking)
I almost finished
carving the new model.
What do you think?
Too bad we don't get to
see it full-size.
I was looking forward to getting
the Parkers family team
back together too.
Why does this bother me so much?
Well.
It's been a part of your life
for as long as
you could remember.
When other kids were learning
to skate on ice
you were learning to carve it.
Yeah, well...
Mom's right, I should be focused
on my career right now.
It's what you said
you always wanted.
Be a lawyer.
I know.
You worked very hard
to make it happen.
Then how come
all I can think about
are some of the best times
of my life
were spent carving
these sculptures?
That is a good question.
I feel some fatherly advice
coming on.
You know me so well.
Dug these out the other day.
Thought you were
going to need them.
My tools.
Why don't you take them out?
See if you still got the chops.
You don't mind?
Like I said,
it'll give you time to think.
Thanks, Dad.
(ice chipping)
Hi, I'm here
to see Harvey Norris.
Oh, he's not in yet.
Schedule's been pretty crazy,
what, with the
Christmas Festival and all.
Actually I wanted to talk to him
about the ice sculpture
competition.
Oh, that's been cancelled.
I know.
Could you just tell him that
Emma Parkers stopped by?
Ask him to give me a call?
That's my number.
I sure will.
Merry Christmas.
You too.
Vera:
And what I'd like to do is set
up some sort of small endowment
or a scholarship at the college.
Put it in Sam's name.
Kind of a Christmas present
for my husband.
Aw, Vera,
that's a wonderful idea.
Well, he taught there
for almost 30 years.
Carol:
Sure.
I think he would've liked that.
Mmm-hmm. Emma?
Why don't you give
the school a call?
Find out who we should talk to
to set this up.
I'll call right now.
Great.
Good idea, Vera.
That's a really lovely idea.
Hi, this is Emma Parkers.
I was in this morning
to see Harvey Norris.
Oh, he's still not in?
No, I understand that he's
very busy with the festival
but I just...
Could you let him know
that I called?
Thanks.
They'll call back.
Emma?
Sam and Vera
were clients of mine
from almost the very first day
I started this practice.
I remember.
And now that he's gone...
this endowment
means a lot to her.
We're a small firm.
We need to give
every client 100%.
I couldn't agree more.
You're going to
make a great lawyer.
♪
Oh, those are great. We'll take
10 for City Hall please.
Excuse me, Councilman Norris?
Sure, yeah.
Call me Harvey.
Hi, Harvey.
Emma Parkers.
I'm Carol Parkers' daughter.
Oh, sure. Hi, Emma.
How's your mom?
Great.
I was hoping you have a minute.
I don't think it's a good idea
to cancel the ice sculpting
competition.
I didn't want to.
But we didn't have the budget
for it this year.
It was either
cancel the competition
or lose Santa's Workshop.
And I don't want to get on
Santa's naughty list.
No. But you grew up here,
you know how important
the festival is
to the people in Westford.
I sure do. I'm a big fan myself.
There must be something
you can do.
I'm sorry, Emma.
I'm afraid my hands are tied.
What if I could raise the money?
Excuse me?
To make up for the difference
in your budget.
To pay for the competition.
$20,000 in less than two weeks?
$20,000?
I'm afraid so.
Oh. Wow.
What if I could raise half?
Well, we can't exactly have
half a sculpting competition.
No, I mean,
but maybe you could come up
with the money somewhere?
Squeeze your budget a little?
You're serious about this?
It's really important to me.
And to the town.
I mean, it's been a part of the
festival for so many years.
If you could just give me a
chance, that's all I ask.
I guess if I squeeze my nickels
a little bit.
I could come up with maybe...
$5,000.
But you'd have to
raise the rest.
$15,000?
That's the best I can do.
It's a deal.
(chuckling)
Good luck, Emma.
I hope you can pull this off.
(sighing) Me too.
♪
What a beautiful morning.
Hey, what brings you out?
Just going for a walk,
grabbing a coffee.
Best coffee in town,
worth the walk.
Yeah.
I was just thinking.
My parents used to bring me
here every Christmas.
You know,
to watch the sculpting.
Yeah?
Yeah.
When I was old enough
my dad and I used to compete
every Christmas.
You competed?
Yeah.
It was a lot of fun.
Wow. So, I probably
saw you competing.
Maybe we saw each other.
Maybe.
But it's too bad that they have
to cancel it this year.
I heard they didn't
have the money for it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard that too.
That's why I decided to
raise the money myself.
Wait, what?
Yeah. I'm going to...
raise the money,
put the competition back on.
And how much money
are we talking?
15,000.
Dollars.
(chuckling)
You don't think it sounds crazy?
You got to try.
Yeah.
Morning, Nick.
Why, yes, I'd love a cup of
coffee. How thoughtful.
(laughing)
Oh. You brought company.
Lonny, Emma. Emma, Lonny Barnes
my business partner.
Nice to meet you.
Hi.
We try to keep an eye on him
but sometimes he wanders off
I hope he hasn't been
too exasperating.
(laughing)
Well.
It's so funny, isn't it?
(laughing) See what I mean?
Total Grinch.
(laughing)
Customers.
Oh, okay. I got to go.
Okay.
Come by anytime.
Thank you.
We've known each other
since we were kids.
You know, he gets a little jolly
this time of year.
I'm the same way.
Hey, feel free to sniff around
while you're here.
I should get to work.
But thanks for listening.
Hey, I hope it works out.
You could introduce me
to your brother.
My brother...
Right. Why?
Well, I was just thinking
maybe I could ask him
to use some of his
ice sculptures
to help promote the competition.
You know, get people
excited again.
Yeah. I don't know about that.
Was he planning to enter
the competition?
No.
No, he'd never do that.
No?
Why?
He's... he's very busy
at this time of year.
And, um...
he's, uh...
he's not really
great with people.
Well, we're going to
need a lot of sculptors.
So, I don't know, maybe I could
get in contact with him?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, Emma.
I wish I could help.
What about all the stuff you
said about hoping it works out?
Hey, I do hope it works out.
Right. No.
Uh, yeah.
I just, uh...
Emma.
You know what?
I got some paperwork I got to
file down at the courthouse.
So if I don't see you,
Merry Christmas.
Yeah, Merry Christmas.
That's right,
we'll be taking the depositions
for the Simmons case
right here in office.
Yeah, it's a pretty big case
so we'll probably need
the stenographer all day.
Um, no, they're driving down
from Concord.
I'll confirm the time
but we'll be starting early.
Okay. Great. Thanks.
Bye, you too.
♪
Of course.
(sighing)
Nancy, did you know that
the ice sculpting competition
has been a part of the Christmas
Festival for over 60 years?
That's why it's so important to
help keep the tradition alive.
How much do you need to raise?
Um...
Thank you.
And Westford sponsored the first
competition over 60 years ago.
Uh-huh. Could you hold this
please?
Which is why I'm asking
everyone in town
just to give what they can.
So you want a donation?
♪
$20,000?
Okay, I know it's a lot
but I get the five grand
from Town Council.
Emma, new snow tires are a lot,
this is a fortune.
But I think if I could
just get their attention
the whole town
will get on board.
What do you have in mind?
Didn't you set up
a JumpFunder for the school
to raise money for
playground equipment?
You want me to show you
how to do that
for the ice sculpting
competition?
I'd be your best friend forever.
That's all I needed to hear.
The lunch rush is almost over.
How about I talk you through it
tonight on the phone?
You're the best. Thank you.
You know, even if you
raise the money,
the town already knows the
competition's been cancelled.
How are you going to
get anyone to sign up?
I have one idea.
You always do.
So, how'd you and Emma meet?
(grunting)
She likes to smell
our Christmas trees,
she was hanging around the lot,
we started talking.
She's big into Christmas,
I knew I liked her.
Yeah, you like everybody
this time of year.
Yeah, even my old pal Ebenezer.
So, when are you going to
see her again?
How can I see her again
when I haven't seen her
for the first time?
Okay. Okay. I'm sorry.
When are you going to see her
for the first time?
I'm not.
What? Why not?
Here's this very pleasant,
very attractive young woman
who I personally think
would be a good influence
on my best friend.
Especially considering
the circumstances.
There are no circumstances.
Oh, come on, Nick!
It's been almost a year
since you and Tara broke up.
It's time to get back out there.
Oh, yeah. What are you,
my social director now?
I'm talking about Christmas. You
know, all is merry and bright?
Look, I appreciate what you're
trying to do, Lonny.
Okay? And, you know,
you're right.
Emma's great.
You should hear the way
she talks about...
saving the sculpting
competition.
Well, that's something
you guys have in common.
I don't know.
It's just...
bad timing.
It's been a year, buddy.
You got to get back in the game.
Emma:
I know it's asking a lot, Dad,
but I could really use the help.
If you wouldn't mind
getting the word out?
Maybe asking
some of your old buddies,
tell them what's going on.
Absolutely, honey.
Anything I can do.
Thank you.
Saving the competition
won't mean a thing
if I don't get anyone
to sign up.
I've known these sculpting folks
forever, believe me,
they were just as disappointed
as we are that it was cancelled.
The thing is though...
The thing is can I really
raise that much money in time?
First thing
they're going to ask.
When you were teaching me
to sculpt
you used to tell me to keep
my mind on the big picture
but my eyes on each little cut.
That's what
I'm trying to do now.
That works for me.
You got this.
I believe in you.
Thanks, Dad.
Emma:
Yeah, it went up on JumpFunder
this morning, Sarah,
it looks great.
Thank you for all your help
last night.
No, not yet.
But there's still time,
I'm sure the contributions
start rolling in.
Season's Greetings.
Christmas cookie latte.
Aw, Emma, thank you.
It's the least I could do
after being gone
for so long yesterday.
Oh, all is forgiven.
The thing is there's just
so much going on right now
I feel like I'm being pulled
in 10 different directions.
I know, I have barely started
my Christmas shopping.
And with the Christmas Festival
coming up and everything...
Well, we'll muddle through
somehow.
Speaking of muddling through,
you'll appreciate this.
Oh, sorry.
I almost forgot to tell you
while you were out yesterday.
They called from Concord
about the Simmons case.
Good, I need to
confirm the stenographer.
What time are they going to be
here for the depositions?
They can't. Opposing counsel
slipped on some ice
and has twisted her ankle and,
I mean, she'll be fine,
but she's requested
that we come there instead.
And, you know,
I'd rather not delay this.
So I said, "No problem."
So you're going to drive
to the capital next week?
We get to drive to the capital
together.
What?!
You've done all the
heavy lifting with this case,
you know the issues,
you should be the one
asking the questions.
I, um...
Wow.
I know, right?
It's a big step
but I think you're ready.
So we'll be gone
for two days next week?
Is that a problem?
No. Um, no, no problem.
I just thought maybe with
everything going on here
I should stick around.
Honey, I think Westford can get
along without you for two days.
(sighing)
It's not even making a dent.
Sarah:
Emma, these things take time.
Yeah, well I just found out I
have less time than I thought.
What do you mean?
My mom wants me to
handle the depositions
on one of our cases,
so I'll be in the capital
for two days next week.
But that's when
the festival starts.
I know.
So I need to make sure
a lot more people know about
the campaign and fast.
How are you going to do that?
Go straight to the source.
Sounds like a plan.
(bell ringing)
Please tell me you're not here
for more money,
I've squeezed every penny I can
from my budget.
I just have one tiny favour.
What's that?
People all over the country look
at Westford's Christmas website.
I think if you linked it
to my campaign page
we might have a better chance
to raise the money in time.
Emma, when I brought this up
with the rest of the council
everybody talked about
all of their fond memories
from the competition.
Well, that's great.
But the truth is,
they're a little worried too.
What do you mean?
They don't want to
get the town's hopes up
that we can bring
the competition back
and then have it...
well, have it not work out.
It's Christmas time.
The last thing we want to do
is disappoint anybody.
You're right, Harvey,
it is Christmas.
The time when miracles
really do happen.
And who knows, maybe we can make
our own little Christmas miracle
happen right here in Westford.
Well, you definitely
have a way with words.
Maybe you can come and
work with us at the town.
We've got some other miracles
that we could use
some help with.
Is that a yes?
I never wanted to cancel the
competition in the first place.
I'll get you the link.
Thank you, Harvey.
(laughing)
♪
Hi. Emma.
Ms. Baxter, hi.
I didn't know you worked here.
Oh, I volunteer
a couple of days a week.
Gets me out of the house
since I retired.
Oh, by the way, I have
a call in to the college
about setting up the endowment
in your husband's name.
I'm sure that they'll love it.
Oh, I hope so.
But, tell me,
what brings you here today?
Oh, I saw on
the museum's website
you have some old photographs
from past ice sculpting
competitions.
Uh huh.
Could I maybe look at them?
Right this way.
Oh, great.
I've been watching them
carve ice since I was a girl.
Oh, it never ceases to amaze me.
Shame it all has to end.
Actually, that's why I'm here.
To try and keep that
from happening.
But I thought Harvey'd already
cancelled the competition.
Well, if I can raise the money
in time
he'll put it back
in the festival.
I thought maybe some of
these old photographs
might help remind people of
what a great tradition it is.
You're welcome to
whatever you need.
Emma:
Our client, Miss Simmons,
received notice that her car was
part of a manufacturer recall.
But when she took it in
the dealership said that
they were too busy and asked her
to bring it back the next week.
Be sure when you ask that
they specify in their answer
what day of the week.
Because Monday was a holiday
and Miss Simmons couldn't
come back until Tuesday.
Good.
Great.
I don't know,
I guess I just feel guilty for
not telling her what I'm doing.
Then tell her.
Your mom knows how much you've
always loved ice sculpting.
Yeah, well I can love it
all I want
as long as the law
always comes first.
And that's why you went to
school for three years
to become a lawyer, isn't it?
That was the plan.
You okay?
Yeah. No. I just, um...
the whole thing with raising
money for the competition.
Actually, I should
check to see if...
No, what you should do
is stop checking contributions
every two minutes.
I brought you along to help me
with my Christmas shopping,
remember?
You're right.
♪
Sarah, you said we were
going Christmas shopping.
We are. We're shopping
for a Christmas tree.
Who's Nick?
Some guy I met in town, he has a
Christmas tree lot and I asked...
You know what? Never mind.
Can we just go
somewhere else please?
No way. Look at this place.
I came here to get a tree and
that's what I intend to do.
Good choice.
Excuse me?
The Fraser Fir is our most
popular tree this time of year.
Do you, uh, have someone to
help you carry it to the car?
I was just admiring it, it's
way too big for my apartment.
Where I live alone.
(ice scraping)
So this is where
your brother hides out.
Gotcha.
Excuse me.
(ice scraping)
Hello? Nick's brother?
Sorry, I don't know your name.
Hello?
Nick?
Hi.
(scoffing)
Let me guess,
you don't have a brother.
Uh...
no.
And the sculptures outside
and in town, those are yours?
Uh huh.
Unbelievable.
Hey, Emma, wait.
Emma, just... can you just
wait a second?
I'm sorry I told you about
my fictitious brother.
But it's a reflex.
It's what I tell everybody.
What? Why?
It's a...
it's a long and
very predictable story.
And having an antisocial brother
just saves everybody
a lot of time.
But your work is amazing.
And people should know
that you're the artist.
You think I'm an artist?
Yes, of course.
I mean, anybody could see that
if you would let them.
But, I mean,
that doesn't make it okay
that you wouldn't help me
when I asked for you to
save the competition with me.
I'm sorry about that too,
but when I heard you talking
about the JumpFunder page
I knew I had to do
something to help.
I didn't... I didn't
tell you about that.
Well, actually, you were getting
coffee, that place in the park,
I was in line
just right behind you.
Oh, you were eavesdropping?
Yeah, now, see,
when you say it like that...
Okay, you know what?
Never mind. I've got way too
much on my plate right now
to be doing this.
So.
So do I.
Great. So we're done.
We are so done.
Except...
you might want this.
Frank Duvall?
He's a friend of mine,
he owns an ice company,
he's a big fan of ice sculpting
from way back.
I talked to him about
what you're doing.
You did?
I thought maybe
he could help.
Throw it away if you want.
Thank you for this.
I really do think
you're very talented.
I don't know.
Seriously.
You shouldn't hide it.
There you are.
Hey.
Check out the perfect little
tree Lonny cut down for me.
Oh.
I'll meet you at the car.
Ready?
Yeah.
You okay?
I don't get it.
If he likes ice sculpting so
much, why keep it a secret?
I don't know.
I get the feeling it's about
more than just sculpting.
You two seemed to hit it off.
(scoffing)
Yeah, right.
No, I saw the way
he looked at you.
And I definitely
picked up on a vibe.
What?
Yeah, right. There was no vibe.
Okay,
keep telling yourself that.
No vibe!
There was a vibe.
You know what?
Good luck with that.
Emma!
See ya.
Get back here and help me!
Emma!
♪
Nick told me you were coming by
and that I should listen
to what you have to say
because saving this
competition's important to you.
He said all that?
But what he didn't say is why.
My dad started teaching me
how to sculpt
when I was a little girl.
He and I were in the competition
for as long as I can remember.
The truth is, as important as
the tradition is to the town
I think it's just as important
to my family.
Let me think about it.
Great.
Thank you.
I really appreciate it, Frank.
And Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Dad, I didn't know you
were coming by today.
I thought
I'd surprise your mother.
Take her out to lunch.
Well, she's in the office
on a phone call,
I'm sure she'll be out
in a minute.
In that case I shall share
some good news.
I reached out to
some old friends,
we got six teams standing by,
just say the word,
they'll be here to compete.
You're amazing, Dad.
Thanks.
What's up?
(sighing)
Nothing.
The festival's tomorrow and I
still haven't raised the money.
Keep the faith.
You never know.
You never know what?
I never know where I'm going to
take my beautiful wife to lunch.
Hm.
I'll get my coat.
It ain't over 'til it's over.
You know I had coffee
with Emma's friend Sarah,
remember she was out at the farm
the other day.
Coffee, huh?
That sounds promising.
Lonny:
Yeah.
Kind of hit it off.
I mean, with the trees and all.
Way to go, Lonny!
Anyway, she was telling me about
how Emma works just
a couple of blocks from here.
At her mom's law office
over there on Riverton.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
She seems real nice.
Maybe you should, uh, stop by,
say hi.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Well, what are you going to do
just give up on Christmas for
good because of what Tara did?
Let's not go there,
all right?
Whatever happened
to the old Nick?
The guy who used to
like to have fun?
And spent every night in his
barn carving little ice statues
instead of getting on
with his life.
Look, I'm sorry, I just...
I miss my friend.
You're missing Christmas.
I don't know.
See? This is a nice change...
from our frostbit toes
on our way to get coffee.
Thought I'd give you a break for
Christmas on your first day off.
Speaking of.
You don't look very festive.
I don't feel very festive.
I didn't raise the money
for the competition
and today's the first day
of the festival,
so we're out of time.
Oh, no. How close did you get?
It doesn't matter,
it's all or nothing.
I mean, you know,
you don't raise your goal then
you don't get any of the money.
What are you doing?
I'd still like to know.
Sarah, come on.
When was the last time
you checked?
Does it matter?
Emma.
Yes?
Look.
An anonymous donor?
For almost $10,000!
He did it.
Frank Duvall did it!
You did it!
We did it!
(squealing)
Little more volume please.
Um, Merry Christmas and
God bless us, everyone.
Testing, one, two, testing.
One, two.
Harvey!
Harvey, we got the money!
We did it!
15?!
$15,000?
I know, it's unbelievable!
It sounds like
you got your miracle!
We have to get ready,
tell everybody to set it up.
Absolutely.
But where are we going to find
teams at the last minute?
Don't worry, my dad's got
six teams standing by,
seven including us.
You did it, Emma.
You did it.
Yes.
The ice sculpting competition
is back!
Merry Christmas.
Wow.
Nick!
We did it.
We raised the money and the
competition's back on.
Oh.
Sorry.
Wow. That's... that's amazing.
Yeah.
Yeah. Way to go, Emma.
Congratulations.
I owe it all to Nick.
What?
Yeah. I mean,
you sent me to Frank Duvall,
I told him what we needed
and he made a donation
for the rest of the money.
Wow.
Yeah.
Whoa. I always knew Frank
was a good guy but...
No, you are the great guy.
None of this would've happened
without your help.
Honestly, thank you.
I'm glad it worked out.
Well, um...
you know, there are
seven teams lined up.
Which means there's still room
for one more.
Yeah, no, Emma, it gets
really busy around here
around Christmas. You know?
What I do I know
about big sculptures?
Anyway, you have fun.
And, uh, congratulations.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
Hey. I'll see you later.
Yeah.
(sighing)
Look, Nick should be talking
to you about this, not me,
but I know him.
And I can tell
how much he likes you.
Hm. He's got a funny way
of showing it.
Yeah, well that's what people do
when they get their heart ripped
out by someone they care about,
especially when it happens
at Christmas.
What?
Just, uh...
hang in there.
Emma:
Hi, it's Emma Parkers.
Is Frank in?
Oh, no. Could I leave a message?
Yeah.
Could you just let him know
I called to thank him
for his generous contribution?
No, he'll know what I mean.
Thanks. You too.
Merry Christmas.
♪
(knocking)
Hi.
Thought I might find you here.
You know, it helps me think.
Same here.
I thought about what you said
about the competition
and how it's different
because of the size.
Yeah.
But it's not.
You shouldn't let it
stop you from competing
if it's something
you really want to do.
Emma, look, it's not...
I mean, you shouldn't
let anything stop you,
really, from anything
you care about.
When you find something that you
can really put your heart into,
something that you really love,
you should hang on to it
as tight as you can.
Sometimes you got to know
when to let go.
What do you mean?
Okay. Um...
it's kind of like you.
I started doing this
when I was pretty young.
And it was like, uh...
I could do it. You know?
The tools just fit in my hand.
I started entering some
smaller competitions
and...
it's never about winning,
you know.
It's just because...
just because it was fun.
Anyway, after a while you start
running into the same people
and kind of get to know 'em.
I met this girl.
She was really nice.
And, uh, she could
work with ice too.
You two started
sculpting together?
She's more competitive
than I was.
And started entering us
in these bigger competitions.
We even talked about
doing this one in Westford.
You know,
tackling the big sculptures.
Why didn't you?
Tara and I had been
dating three years
and all of a sudden...
right before Christmas
she decided it's not working
for her.
She already had a plane ticket
to Los Angeles.
Never saw it coming.
Sorry.
I haven't had much interest
in competing ever since.
My heart's just not into it.
Maybe you just need to find
somebody to make it fun again.
Maybe.
I got a V chisel if you want to
take a shot at that corner.
I think a scoop chisel
might be the way to go.
Huh.
Well, I got one of those too.
Hi.
Hey there.
Almost finished.
How was your day?
Oh, just trying to
get everything together
for this deposition.
Have... have you heard from Emma?
No. Why?
Oh, it's just she wasn't
in the office this afternoon
and I left a few messages,
I just haven't heard back.
This is an important case.
I'm sure she's on top of it.
I don't know.
Her head seems to be
somewhere else half the time.
We barely seem to talk anymore.
Well...
two of you have a lot
on your plate right now.
My advice is for the both of you
to throttle back a little.
Yeah. Maybe you're right.
Christmas Festival
starts tonight.
We'll meet Emma there,
enjoy the festivities...
together.
And everything will be fine.
Oh.
(sighing)
Yeah.
We make a pretty good team.
(phone chiming)
Oh.
Oh no.
I got to go.
What's wrong?
No, nothing, I just...
I should be at work, we've got
this big case coming up
and I haven't even finished.
And my parents want me
to meet them at the
Christmas Festival tonight.
Maybe I'll see you there.
Not if I don't get my work done.
Well then, get out of here,
get to work.
All right. Thanks for...
thanks for letting me chip.
It's my pleasure.
All right. I'm out.
(mouthing words)
♪
Beautiful!
Oh, my gosh. This is gorgeous.
Oh, look at these.
Very nice.
I'm going to get
one of these for you.
Yes, you are.
Can you see her?
No.
Harvey:
Good evening, everyone!
Welcome to the first night
of Westford's annual
Christmas Festival!
(cheering)
I'm going to give her a call.
Sounds good, yeah.
(phone ringing)
Hi, Mom.
Hey. What...
Oh, Emma,
you don't have to be working
on the first night of
the Christmas Festival.
I...
Okay. Five minutes.
We'll be here.
She's at the office.
Harvey:
I'm especially excited
to remind everyone
that because of
the donations from you
the ice sculpting competition
is part of our festival again.
(cheering)
All right!
That's great!
It certainly is.
Do you know what?
If I know Emma,
that five minutes
is going to take an hour.
So I'm just... I'm just
going to go get here and...
Well, don't...
You wait here.
I'm going to go get her.
Okay.
Carol!
(knocking)
Hey, I was just headed over.
I'm sorry. Nick!
Hi.
Hi. Welcome.
Yeah, Lonny told me
you worked on Riverton Street,
your mom's law office, and I
figured, "What are the odds?"
Right? More than one lawyer
named Parkers on the street.
You found me.
Yeah. Look, if you're busy
I'll come back.
No, no, no. Come in, come in.
It's very lawyerish.
(chuckling)
Uh, this seemed like a good idea
a little while ago.
What did?
All right.
The thing is...
I've been thinking about
what you said.
And maybe you're right.
Maybe it would be good for me to
take another shot at competing.
And not to win, 'cause, you
know, that was never the...
the point of it all.
I just want to feel
the way it used to feel
before things got
all jumbled up.
When it was fun.
I think that's a great idea.
So, like you said,
I just need to find
the right partner.
Someone who knows
big sculptures.
Someone...
like you.
I...
You already have a partner.
My dad and I have been sculpting
together since I was a kid.
Sort of a tradition.
I'm sorry.
Hey, don't be sorry.
I, uh, I'll be there
to cheer you on.
100%.
Go, Emma!
(laughing)
Nick:
So, I should go.
I'll walk you out.
I'll see you then.
Okay.
♪
Dan:
Emma.
What are you doing out here
so early?
Well, if the Parkers family team
wants to win this year
we better busy.
Yeah, I've been, uh...
I've been thinking about that.
Good. We don't have much time.
As much as I have loved
doing this with you, kiddo.
I am... snowed under with work.
I think you're going to have to
find a new partner this year.
Really?
But, um...
this is our tradition.
And I have... I've loved
every minute of it.
And I want you to carry on that
tradition with someone else,
someone who loves this
as much as we do.
But I've never done it
without you.
Well, that's why...
this time around you can
make it your own.
That's my girl.
Man:
Hey, Nick!
Hey!
Hey.
Isn't this crazy?
When I was a kid I used to think
this must be what
Santa's toy shop was like.
So much to do before Christmas.
So, you and your dad all set?
Mm, he can't do it this year.
Work.
So.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, me too.
So you don't have a partner?
Did you?
Did you find someone?
That's a lot of work.
Yeah.
Not much time to prepare.
On the other hand...
It could be fun.
Partners?
Partners.
(laughing)
Emma:
All right, we don't have much
time so I'm going to give you
the CliffsNotes version
of the rules.
Each team has two members,
we're given six blocks of ice.
Sculptures have to be
at least five feet tall
but no more than 10 feet.
And we can only use
the ice we're given.
How do you remember all that?
Cute.
Competition lasts three days,
72 hours,
during that time each
team member is only permitted
a total carving time
of up to 36 hours.
That's to make sure
nobody gets too tired.
And that's it.
Got it.
(sighing)
Wow. That's some
serious hardware.
Thank you.
(grunting)
So, where are your power tools?
I don't use 'em.
Okay. Well, uh,
then we'll work on that first.
Why?
Nick, these aren't
little sculptures
you put on a table
at a wedding.
These are huge.
If we just use hand tools
we'll never finish in time.
You're smiling.
Why are you smiling?
I'm not.
You are smiling.
Seriously, we don't have time
for this.
It's just, okay, look,
all of a sudden I...
I could see this
gangly little girl
all serious about this stuff
who had no idea that she'd grow
up to be someone so amazing.
(sighing)
Come on, we have work to do.
See?
You can't get a cut like that
with a power tool.
Yeah.
It's nice.
And who knows? Maybe we could
finish by next Christmas.
Is that sarcasm?
(whistling)
What? Whoa.
Okay. Now, just remember
nice and easy.
(gasping)
Oh, boy.
Wow.
All right.
I guess we'll start again.
Sorry.
Now, that's eight feet.
So that's how tall
our sculpture should be.
Wow, that's big.
We still have to come up
with a design.
Look, we can't just
settle on one thing.
Right? We have to...
I don't know, think of something
that tells a story
with one image.
Okay. What do you suggest?
That's the thing, I don't know.
What we need right now
is some serious inspiration.
Well, we'd better
get inspired soon
or we're going to have the only
sculpture in town history
called the block of ice.
(laughing)
All right. It's been a long day.
Why don't we just
call it a night
and we'll come up
with something tomorrow?
Sure.
Great.
This was good.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Okay, then.
Nick, it's Emma.
Remember what you said
about town history?
Trust me.
Emma, welcome back.
Hi, Vera,
this is Nick Claiborne.
He and I are partnering up for
the ice sculpting competition.
Nice to meet you.
But shouldn't you two be
sharpening your chisels?
Well, we have to decide
what to sculpt first.
Do you mind if we look at
those pictures again?
I'll go get them. Oh, take a
look at the new display.
(gasping)
I can't believe they made
all these with just hand tools.
Pretty amazing, right?
No kidding. But...
I'm still not sure how this
is going to help us.
Well.
All these sculptures
are special in some way
and just want whatever we do
to mean something too.
It's not about the town, is it?
It's about you.
(sighing)
My mother doesn't even know
I'm doing this.
I, uh, I didn't tell her
because she would just say
it's a distraction
from my legal career.
I thought you said
you weren't a lawyer.
Oh, I said not yet.
I took the bar exam,
I'm waiting for the results.
And when you do?
When I do I hang out my shingle
and go to work with my mother.
In the meantime, I'm supposed to
be soaking everything in
so I can hit the ground running.
You don't sound
very happy about it.
(sighing)
This isn't helping us
decide what to sculpt.
(phone ringing)
Hi, Frank?
Yeah, thanks for
calling me back.
I just wanted to thank you
for helping us with the...
Oh, uh.
Okay. Uh...
(sighing)
Yeah. Yeah. No. Okay.
Thanks for telling me.
Merry Christmas.
Huh.
What was that about?
That was Frank Duvall,
he said he got my call
about the donation.
He said it wasn't him.
He didn't donate the money.
Who did?
♪
Why would someone
give all that money
and want to keep it a secret?
Maybe because that's the
definition of anonymous.
Okay. Well, I'd like to
at least thank them.
(phone ringing)
It's Nick.
Says he has an idea
for our sculpture.
And how's that going?
Good.
If we could just
come up with a design.
That's not what I meant.
Nick is a great guy.
Sounds like it.
But I just have so much going on
right now with the competition
and work and...
I just really
need to stay focused.
Focused is good.
Don't give me that.
Don't even.
Okay. I admit I had my doubts
about the museum
and getting inspired
and all that stuff.
But when you left it was like,
boom, there it was.
Keep in mind
I can't draw for beans.
Nick, just show me.
So.
(gasping)
What do you think?
I love it.
Then let's get to work.
♪
(laughing)
Come on, put your back into it.
Wow, it's late.
Yeah, we've been at this
a while.
Thank you.
None of this would've happened
without you.
No, you made this happen, Emma.
I'm just...
just lucky to be here
when you did.
(phone ringing)
Emma:
Hi, Mom?
Hey, honey, I just wanted
to remind you
that we need to get
an early start in the morning
if we're going to make it on
time for the depositions.
The depositions.
You didn't forget, did you?
No, no, of course not.
I'm just, I'm a little tired.
Oh, well get some rest.
I'll meet you at the office.
Big day tomorrow.
Yeah. Got it. Thanks, Mom.
Everything okay?
I should go.
Okay.
Go. Get some rest.
We got a bid day tomorrow.
Yeah.
Yeah, big day.
Big day.
Mom?
All set.
Oh.
I meant to ask you
to pick up some of that
great coffee on your way.
But never mind, we'll stop.
I need to talk to you.
Can we talk in the car?
Mom.
Oh. All right.
What is it?
I know how important
this case it to you,
and I know how much
you want me...
(phone ringing)
Parkers Law Office.
Speaking.
Yes, yes, I did.
Oh, really?
Well, that's great.
I hope so too.
Merry Christmas.
That was the endowment office
at the college.
They want to talk about
the scholarship Vera wants to
set up in her husband's name.
That's wonderful.
But today's the last day
before the holiday
and they need to meet
this morning.
So.
(sighing)
And one of us has to be there,
of course.
Mom, you don't need me there
for these depositions.
Yeah, but you've
worked so hard on this
and it seems like such a shame
to not have...
And to tell you the truth, I was
looking forward to the drive.
Just me and you.
I miss spending time with you.
I know, Mom, me too.
All right, well, keep me posted.
I'll be back tomorrow.
All right.
Hey.
Hey, where you been?
We got to get ready.
We're starting soon.
Yeah, I know. I'm sorry, I just
had to stop by the office.
But I just have one other thing
I need to do.
Wait! No, no. What?
Don't worry!
Emma!
I'll be back in time!
College Administrator:
All right, Vera.
The Samuel R. Baxter Scholarship
will be awarded every September.
Great. That's exactly
what I wanted.
(phone buzzing)
Hey, how's it going?
Sarah.
You must be Nick.
Yeah?
I'm, uh, Dan Parkers.
Oh, nice to meet you.
Emma's dad.
Uh, where is she?
Don't worry, she'll be here.
Oh, yeah, that's what everyone
keeps telling me.
Good morning, everyone.
Welcome to the
Westford Christmas Festival
ice sculpting competition!
(cheering)
I'm here, I'm here.
Talk about timing.
Sorry I'm late.
Good luck, you two.
Thanks, Dad.
Each team member is permitted
a total carving time of...
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. We're doing this.
Ice blocks that are
in their area.
Sculptures must be five feet
tall but no more than 10 feet.
And then on Christmas Eve day,
the judges will pick a winner.
Is everybody ready?
(cheering)
I said, "Is everybody ready?"
On your marks.
Get set.
Go!
(cheering)
Let's do this.
We just need to make sure
we have enough clearance
for the lights. Right?
Let's get started.
Just like that, huh?
Do you know what
they're sculpting?
I have no idea.
They said it was a surprise.
Come on, Emma!
Yeah, then we'll just
stack it on top.
Double the check
the measurements, right?
We're good to drop?
Okay, perfect. Got it.
Thanks. We got it!
♪
You have no idea
how enchanting you look
with a saw in your hand.
Wow.
Is... is that what I think it is?
I caught her before she closed.
Oh, thank you, thank you,
thank you.
I forgot how cold it gets.
Yeah. So, have you had a chance
to check out the competition?
Unh-unh.
You know?
I think we're holding our own.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So, you know, if you want to,
um, get warm, go home,
rest up for a couple hours.
I'm okay.
You really love this.
(sighing)
This.
This always meant Christmas
to me.
I love all the rest,
the trees and the...
lights, and the music.
But this... this is
what made it special.
Ice sculpting has always been
a part of who I am.
And now I needed it to help me
decide who I want to be.
I like who you are right now.
Yeah. But there's always
been this plan.
And I'm just... I'm not sure
about that anymore.
So we'll make a new plan.
(phone ringing)
Oh.
They sent the results.
The results?
For the bar exam.
I passed.
You passed the bar exam!
Oh, my gosh! That's amazing!
Congratulations.
Yeah. No, than... thank you.
Yeah. Okay. I'm not an expert.
But, uh, it's supposed to be
a good thing, right?
Yeah, no. I'm...
I'm really excited.
Okay, well you don't
seem like it.
Don't you want to be a lawyer?
I do.
Of course. I mean,
why else would I...
go to school and knock myself
off for three years.
I don't know.
Maybe it's because
a part of that big plan,
the one you worked
your whole life for.
It is a great plan.
It makes a lot of sense.
I mean, my mom and I are
going to be partners now.
So, what, you don't want
your name on the door?
You know what? I...
I should take a break.
Emma.
Remember what you told me
about being an artist?
I don't hold a candle to you.
Thanks.
Thanks for the coffee.
That looks like
a big block of ice.
(phone buzzing)
Hi, Mom.
Hi, honey. I'm just checking in.
How did everything go
at the school with Vera?
Yeah. Um... great.
Great. They're all ready to go.
And she's really excited.
Wonderful.
Thank you for
taking care of that.
Of course. Um...
How did the depositions go?
It went really well.
In fact, we finished early
and I'm leaving now.
I'll tell you all about it
when I get home.
Sounds good.
You know, I just... I just
wanted to ask you something.
Sure.
I was thinking about
what we said
about not spending
enough time together.
And I was really hoping
we might have dinner at home
tonight just the three of us.
I mean, I don't know, maybe
turn on the tree lights.
And put on the music.
And maybe watch an old Christmas
movie like we used to.
How does that sound?
Uh, tonight?
Oh, unless of course
you have other plans.
No, you know what?
Mom, tonight sounds great.
Okay, good.
(giggling)
I'll call your dad
and I'll tell him there'll be
three of us for dinner.
Great. I'll see you then.
Okay. Bye, sweetheart.
Sorry, I fell asleep.
That's okay.
I thought that was the point.
That's...
Yeah. Did you get some rest?
Yeah, I got a couple hours.
I'm good to go.
Great.
You tell your parents
the good news?
Uh, not yet.
When are you going to tell 'em?
Tonight at dinner.
Tonight?
Yeah. No, don't worry.
I won't be gone long.
We'll finish in time still.
Yeah, right. I'm sure they're
going to be really excited
to hear the big news.
Emma.
Emma! Emma! Wait!
I was...
If you hadn't...
It's okay.
We can fix it.
Stopped me.
Look. Lonny and Sarah
brought some cider.
Let's take a break
and then we'll fix it.
I wasn't even paying attention.
If you hadn't stopped me
I could've ruined
the whole sculpture.
But you didn't.
It's all right.
It's not all right.
Nothing's all right.
I keep trying to figure out
the right thing to do
but I just keep
doing everything wrong.
The sculpture, my parents,
my career.
You.
Look around.
Here.
Look at all these people
doing something that
they thought they lost.
You did this.
You made Christmas a little more
special for all of them.
And a lot more special for me.
Really?
Yeah, I was...
I was ready to give up
on all this.
But you changed my mind.
And... I'm not letting you give
up on what you really want.
What I want...
it's not part of that plan.
Oh, yeah?
Then it's time for a new plan.
Okay?
Look inside your heart, Emma.
Find the thing
that you really love.
And that's how you know
you found the right choice.
Carol:
Oh, Emma, that's wonderful news.
Congratulations, honey,
on passing the bar.
We are so proud of you.
Thanks, guys.
It's still kind of sinking in.
Well, I never had any doubt.
But this makes it official.
So, to Emma Parkers,
attorney at law.
To Emma!
Oh, can I give it to her now?
It's supposed to be
for Christmas.
Close enough.
Give me what?
(laughing)
Your mother.
What is it?
Open it and see.
Partners.
Just like we planned.
Emma?
What is it, honey? What's wrong?
I need to show you something.
Do... do you know
what this is all about?
Maybe we'll just let
Emma explain it.
Mom. Nick Claiborne.
Nick, my mother.
It's nice to finally meet you,
Mrs. Parkers.
Hello.
Hi.
Hey, Dan.
Hey, Nick. Looks great.
Yeah. It's coming along.
Um, excuse me, I'm sorry.
Maybe because I'm freezing,
but, uh,
I'd really like to know
exactly what's going on here.
But I decided to enter the
ice sculpting competition.
Nick and I are partners
and this is our sculpture.
(laughing) Honey.
You didn't need to
keep that a secret,
I think it's good for you
to have hobbies.
And, I mean,
especially ones you can schedule
around a busy law practice.
(sighing)
That's the thing,
I'm not sure I want to do that.
Wait? What do you mean?
Look, Mom.
I don't think
I want to be a lawyer.
I'm not sure I ever really did.
But...
I mean, this has been our plan
since...
since you were a little girl.
It was your plan, Mom.
And it was a good one.
It was. It just...
Not the right one.
Not for me.
Are you sure you want to
walk away from everything
you've worked so hard for?
Dan.
Tell her. What...
Oh, honey.
We always said that the most
important thing we wanted
is for Emma to be happy.
And this is what I love.
But a career in law
has a future.
And...
Mrs. Parkers.
It's not more than just a
future, it's about passion.
I mean, this whole
ice sculpting competition
would've been cancelled
this year.
Yes. I know.
Well, if it wasn't for Emma
none of this would've happened.
She raised all the money.
Is that true?
Well, yeah. But I... I mean,
I had a lot of help
with Sarah and Nick and Dad
even made a few phone calls.
Oh, so...
Oh, you did know?
Well, I made a couple of calls.
Emma, sculpting ice
isn't exactly a career.
I know. But...
It felt right.
Working for a good cause,
bringing people together
to help make it happen.
Seeing how happy
it made everyone.
I mean, I know I still have to
figure out the rest of my life
but I like the way this felt.
And I'm just...
I'm not sure I'm ready to make
up my mind about being a lawyer.
But whatever I choose...
right now?
This is what I want.
This is my Christmas.
Well.
Your father's right.
The most important thing
is your happiness.
But, oh, my dear, you could be
one powerful good lawyer.
So, you're not disappointed?
Honey, we would never be
disappointed in you.
And let's face it,
it's not exactly a surprise.
What?
Well, every Christmas
for all these years
you and your father
have been completely loopy
about this competition.
I mean, it wasn't like you were
just going to give it up.
So, you knew I had second
thoughts about being a lawyer?
Well, I mean, I had hope
that once you did the bar
you'd be ready to, you know,
give it a chance.
But then I thought
what you really needed
was the chance to finally
decide for yourself.
Am I missing something here?
You and me both.
How was she going to decide
what she really wanted
if the competition was
cancelled?
Wait.
You donated the $10,000?
I...
I just wanted you
to have the choice...
to do the thing
you love the most.
Mom.
Thank you.
And besides, you were right,
it was for a very good cause.
My daughter's Christmas.
Promise you guys will both
be here tomorrow
when they announce the winner?
Wouldn't miss it for the world.
Oh.
But now, you two better get busy
because you've
a lot of work to do.
Yeah, we got a long night
ahead of us.
I'm going to enjoy
every minute of it.
♪
How much time?
It's almost there.
Harvey:
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
let's hear it for the sculptors.
They've been working hard
for three days.
(cheering)
Send them some energy. Come on,
ladies and gentlemen!
Give it to them!
Send them some energy!
(cheering)
I don't know about you,
but I think this has been the
best ice sculpting competition
we've ever had.
(cheering)
Look at those beautiful
sculptures!
How much time?
Oh, it's getting close.
Hey! Focus.
We're on the last few minutes
here, folks.
What do you think?
Aren't they beautiful?
(cheering)
We're getting down to the wire.
In five...
All:
Four, three,
two, one!
(horn blaring)
And that's it, time's up,
tools down!
Hands up.
Can I get the judges
to the stage
with their score cards please?
I just want you to know
that no matter what happens
you made every Christmas wish
I had come true.
Emma, you are my Christmas wish.
Okay, folks, the judges have
made their decisions.
And...
it's unanimous.
Unanimous?
Harvey:
Folks, I'm pleased to announce
that the winner of the Westford
ice sculpting competition...
is Emma Parkers
and Nick Claiborne!
(cheering)
For their sculpture called
"Memories of Westford".
(cheering)
We did it.
We did.
(cheering)
Oh, congratulations.
It's beautiful.
Well done, Nick.
(laughing) We did it.
I knew you could do it.
Way to go, Nick.
Oh, my gosh.
Congrats. Wow.
Congratulations.
And, listen,
I meant what I said.
If you ever want to test
your talents outside of law
we can certainly use you
at the town.
Oh.
Well, I just might
take you up on that.
(laughing)
What are you doing?
Da da dun nah!
(singing fanfare)
(laughing)
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas, Nick.
♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org